In the last lecture, we set up this Parameterized Jenkins job.
In this lecture, what we are going to do is pass some of those parameters using Jenkins file, but
we are also going to hardcoded the confirmation parameters in this lecture.
And then once we are comfortable with passing parameters from Jenkins file in the next lecture, we
are going to pass the cloud formation parameters using a dedicated parameter file.
All right.
With that being said, let's jump into this demo.
So let's open up the Jenkins file.
So instead of just doing the display of the cloud formation.
We are going to run a shell script which is going to run this ad was cloud formation, deploy command.
Now note that I am grabbing the stack name from the parameter stack underscore.
Name.
Name of the formation template from template.
Underscore name.
But the thing to remember is you can mix and match.
It doesn't mean you have to use all the Jenkins job parameter.
For example, even if I am grabbing the name of the region as a choice parameter, I can always hardcoded
in this Jenkins shell script, so I'm just coding it to us.
OST two and also for the parameter overrides, I am not grabbing the parameters from the file.
Instead I'm hot coding the db password, db root password, db user and key name.
The rest of the parameters in the cloud formation has a default value, so we don't have to do anything
with those.
All right, let's have this file.
And I'm going to push the changes to to my GitHub repository.
All right, now we are back to our Jenkins job.
So we're going to pass the name of the stack as.
For this demo.
It doesn't matter what name you pass in these parameters, underscore file, underscore name because
we are hard coding the confirmation parameters directly in the Jenkins file and this is the template
name.
They should match the name of the cloud formation that you have in your GitHub repository.
Note that for our case, everything is under this main branch and there is no subfolder.
If you have a self folder, you need to code accordingly.
You'll see some example of that down the line.
So the name of our cloud formation is zero to underscore WordPress JSON.
So I'm just going to copy this.
Best attire, even though I'm selecting a choice.
Remember in the Jenkins file, I'm not using it yet.
All right, let's try it out.
All right.
Our job is submitted with number two.
So we are going to go to the console output of this job.
Go to the console output.
All right.
This is the cloud formation command.
And you could see it's displaying the values.
We have input into the Jenkins parameter, such as what press does test 0102, underscore what press
two, JSON, etc..
Let's check our cloud formation console to see what's going on.
All right.
What press does test zero one stack create in progress?
If we click events, it's going to show what's going on.
It is going to take a little bit of the time because it's creating security group issues, etc..
All right.
Successfully created an updated stack.
So let's go check out the information.
Create complete.
This is our website URL, so let's check it out.
All right.
Our WordPress is up and running.
This is the familiar WordPress admin and install WordPress setup screen where you have to give the user
name, password and a bunch of other stuff.
I'm not going to go through it.
You can do that if you're interested, but let's go back and tweak a little bit more to our Jenkins
parameterized job.
So at this point we successfully passed some parameters to the Jenkins job, but the cloud formation
parameters, we still hardcoded in our Jenkins file.
So in the next lecture, I'm going to show how you can pass all those parameters from the parameter
file.
All right, folks, see you in the next lecture.